# CS-340
## How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
### Referencing the specific CRUD Python module we developed, we ended up using it over the course of roughly three milestones and the two projects. Meaning it had to be maintainable, readable, and adaptable, otherwise I would have to rewrite the entire module each time I were to need to use it, which would be horribly inefficient. With some slight adjustments, this module could easily be used in future data analysis projects, or even in similar situations of using mongoDB to go through a dataset.
## How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
### I start out by decyphering exactly what is being asked of me and mapping out how I can go about solving this problem. Breaking it down into multiple aspects can greatly enhance my productivity and allows me to give adequate resources to each aspect of the problem. With this project in particular, I went sort of backwards. Figuring out how I wanted it to end up, and figuring out how I would be able to create that. In future projects, I would be able to bring along this knowledge that I have gained from this, as well as being able to then provide even more as I would have more time to allocate to learning more specific aspects that I may not have had the time to get to on this specific project.
## What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
### The work a computer scientist does can vary greatly depending on the field that they end up in. They can do anything from creating the software we use each day, protecting the webpages/applications/wifis we use each day, or analyzing specific data sets for a company to provide and identify trends. The work they do matters as it is generaly greatly involved throughout our day to day lives as technology continues to evolve and become even more of our daily lives. The work done specifically for Grazioso Salvare in this project allowed for them to better tend to their needs of the company, enhancing their experience. Further benefit could be provided by allowing for more data being analyized as well, but the needs of the customer were met with this.
